I’ve finished the introduction for you today.
The Zhou family is busy at night, so there is no room for comfort.
Speaking of this, what do you think about our marriage?
Your grandpa also saved my life.
With the situation in mind, I can't change it.
So, you agreed,
You are not afraid that taking care of your family will cost you your life.
When I went to visit Gu's family, I didn't take it seriously and kept talking nonsense.
Although you belong to Long Di Gong, you are a member of the Gu family among Long Di Gong.
Neither.
What's the use of having more people? It still depends on status.
It sounds like you have a high status, forget it.
This lady is at peace with herself
I'll take you to advise someone
You behave well
Perhaps in the position of Long Ti Gong
Give me a mention
I'm not like this
How is it impossible
If this person is His Highness the Dragon King
Want Wang Sumiao
If you want to get his listing don't do it
You fell to Wang Sumiao
It turned out to be Su Miao
Then I don't have to go with you
let lord wang
One is superb
Just human flesh and bones
In the Dragon King Hall
It is also the lowest position below one person
The Dragon King wants to see you
You don't want to go, I'm not sick
Okay, I'll go with you, okay?